With best practices and world-class Cable Grips, Hemakul is leading the global map as India's top cable grip manufacturer!
History
Hemakul is a world class manufacturer of customized Cable Grips. It is a leading name on the global map as India's top cable grip manufacturer. The history of Hemakul goes back to 1985 when the manufacturing and stocking of cable grips and other items started in a small workshop in Maharashtra. We have converted our humble beginnings into a large scale business since then but the principles and ethics we started with are still the same in our hearts. 

Dedicated Team
Our team is a group of dedicated individuals who thrive to work and grow together. They are all experts in the work they do. They are evolving constantly by learning techniques and advancements in the industry. We believe in uplifting women in every sector that's why we have a high ratio of female workers trained and employed in the plant who are all independent. All of our staff is hard working and skilful. 

Qualities
An intelligent brain always weighs the benefits of a deal before trusting and investing in it. Let us tell you about a few of our many qualities:
Industry expert: Hemakul has been watching the trends change for over three decades now. The expertise we hold in different industrial settings can assist you in choosing the best options out of all theproducts.
Client Understanding: We take great care in understanding your needs. The purpose is to make exactly what you want. Each detail that matters to you, matters to us too.
Customised solutions: After hearing your needs, our expert team starts searching for the most innovative solutions to give you the best of our services. We customise our products to suit your needs to the best of our capabilities.
Competitive Pricing: The prices will never be a problem when it comes to doing business with Hemakul. The prices of our products are always genuine and just relative to the quality products and services we offer. 
Efficient Timely Deliveries: We understand the value of time for any business and thus, we show great proficiency in delivering the products to you within the deadline assigned to us. 

Products
Hemakul is famous in all sorts of cable pulling solutions. We have our products categorized is three categories:
1. Pulling Grips: This type of Cable grips are used for standard purpose. Theyare hand-woven, manufactured with precision and intricate techniques. The products used in the construction are checked individually to provide the best quality product.

2. Heavy Duty Grips: These are used where higher strength is required. These are also known as cable socks. Heavy Duty Grips are multi-woven to secure smooth running of heavy duty cable pulling applications.

3. Support Grips: These require special engineering to provide better grip and to avoid any mishap due to slipping. Support grips decrease the load vertically.

Industries Facilitated
We have different categories of products but each category has premium raw material used in its manufacturing. They have stainless steel layers to add on to the protection level. Since our products have a large impact on the industries we cater to, proper functioning and manufacturing of the products is not just our job but our responsibility too. Some industries we facilitate are-
•Wind Turbines
•Oil and gas
•Marine &Offshore
•Mining 
•Transmission line stringing
•Telecom
•Cable laying contractors

Business Strategy
We believe in making strong long term relationships with our clients and delivering the best products which are innovative and trustworthy. We take unique approaches to find solutions to your problems. The care is taken in both designing and manufacturing of the products. The positivity in our work environment can be seen in our products which leads our customers and us to greater heights.
 
Hemakul – Pioneers In The Manufacturing Cable Grips
Unit No.1, Shree Siddhivinayak Estate, Mathuradas Mill Compound, 126-N M Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (W), Mumbai, Maharashtra 400013
Contact No – 022 2494 2227
Email Id: hemakulpioneers@gmail.com
Website: https://hemakul.com

